feat: update to using default scrapeclass for tls config (#517)
defenseunicorns/uds-core: docs/configuration/uds-monitoring-metrics.md

weight: 1
---

> UDS Core leverages Pepr to handle setup of Prometheus scraping metrics endpoints, with the particular configuration necessary to work in a STRICT mTLS (Istio) environment. We handle this via a default scrapeClass in prometheus to handle the istio certs as well as with both mutations of existing service monitors and generation of service monitors via the `Package` CR when a monitor needs to be exempt from that tlsConfig.

Reviewer: Wording here seemed off to me. I'm not sure if this is better but the "generation of service monitors" felt a bit out of place.

```suggestion
UDS Core leverages Pepr to handle setup of Prometheus scraping metrics endpoints, with the particular configuration necessary to work in a STRICT mTLS (Istio) environment. We handle this via a default scrapeClass in prometheus to add the istio certs. When a monitor needs to be exempt from that tlsConfig a mutation is performed to leverage a plain scrape class without istio certs.
```
